The Wiener first-passage time family

Description:

     A drift-diffusion model for a two-choice decision: a noisy
     evidence accumulator starts between two boundaries and the
     response time is the first time it touches one of them. The family
     models the response time; which boundary was touched is data,
     supplied through the 'dec()' addition term.

Usage:

     wiener(
       max_ndt = NULL,
       variability = character(0),
       nodes = c(sz = 7L, st = 21L),
       allow_unreachable = FALSE,
       link = "identity",
       contaminant = FALSE,
       contaminant_range = NULL
     )
     
Arguments:

 max_ndt: Upper bound for the non-decision time, in the units of the
          response, applied to every row. 'NULL', the default, takes
          the fastest response of each row's 'ndt_group()', or of the
          whole data set when the model has no 'ndt_group()'. It cannot
          be combined with 'ndt_group()'. Give it when a component of a
          'frmtmb::mixture()' needs the bound up front.

variability: Which across-trial variability parameters to estimate: any
          of '"sv"' (drift rate), '"sz"' (start point) and '"st"'
          (non-decision time). The default estimates none, which is the
          plain Wiener model.

   nodes: Gauss-Legendre node counts for the two quadratures, as a
          named vector. Only the entries for the 'variability'
          parameters in use are read. The defaults are measured rather
          than chosen: 'sz' reaches 1e-10 in the log density by 7 nodes
          everywhere it was probed, and 'st' needs more because a
          response time below 'ndt + st / 2' cuts the range and the
          integrand turns on sharply at the cut. See 'vignette("ddm")'
          for the measurement.

allow_unreachable: Permit a 'max_ndt' above the smallest response time.
          Only correct inside a mixture, where another component
          carries the rows the Wiener density cannot reach.

    link: Link for the drift rate. Identity by default, and there is
          rarely a reason to change it: the drift rate is signed.

contaminant: Mix a uniform contaminant into the density, with its
          mixing proportion estimated as the distributional parameter
          'lambda' on a logit link. 'FALSE', the default, is the plain
          model. See Contaminant trials.

contaminant_range: The response times the uniform contaminant spreads
          over, as 'c(lower, upper)' in the units of the response: the
          task's response window. 'NULL', the default, is allowed only
          when the model declares a deadline with 'trunc(ub = )', and
          is then the fastest response to that deadline; otherwise it
          is refused. See Contaminant trials for why.

Details:

     The parameterization is brms's 'wiener' family, name for name:

     'mu'
          Drift rate, the mean rate of evidence accumulation (brms and
          the literature also call it 'v'). Identity link, so it is
          signed: positive drift favors the upper boundary.

     'bs'
          Boundary separation, the distance between the two boundaries
          ('a'). Log link.

     'ndt'
          Non-decision time, the part of the response time spent
          encoding and moving rather than deciding ('t0' or 'tau').
          Bounded link; see Non-decision time below.

     'bias'
          Relative start point in (0, 1), the fraction of the boundary
          separation the accumulator starts at ('w'). Logit link. 0.5
          is unbiased.

     'variability' adds Ratcliff's three across-trial variability
     parameters to that set; see Across-trial variability below.

Value:

     A 'frmtmb_family'.

The decision indicator:

     The boundary a trial ended at is data, and it reaches the density
     as an addition term:

     frm(bf(rt | dec(response) ~ condition), family = wiener(), data = dat)
     
     'dec()' is spelled as brms spells it and takes what brms takes: a
     factor or character vector whose SECOND level is the upper
     boundary (so '"lower"'/'"upper"' and 'c(FALSE, TRUE)' both work as
     they read), or a numeric 0/1 column. The package contributes the
     term to frmtmb's addition-term registry when it loads.

     'vint()' also still works, and carries the indicator as a plain
     0/1 integer column:

     frm(bf(rt | vint(upper) ~ condition), family = wiener(), data = dat)
     
     Supplying neither is refused with a message that says so, because
     the failure is otherwise silent.

The unit of the response:

     SECONDS. Every default in this package assumes it: the starting
     values, the bound the 'ndt' link is scaled onto, and
     'gddm_control(dt = )' and the window it takes from the data.
     Nothing in any of the likelihoods refuses milliseconds, and a fit
     to millisecond data converges and reports a boundary separation
     three orders of magnitude out.

     So every family here warns when the fastest response in the data
     is above 20, names milliseconds as the likely cause and says to
     divide by 1000. It is a ceiling on the fastest response in the
     WHOLE data set rather than on any one trial, so one slow trial
     does not reach it.

     It is a warning rather than a refusal because it CAN fire on a
     correct model: a slow task with a short session. Measured, the
     rate is zero over 192 designs at the parameters a two-choice task
     produces, and rises to 0.07 at 20 trials of a task whose median
     response is 39 seconds, 0.56 at 60 seconds and 1.00 at 100
     seconds. A deliberation or matrix-reasoning design is where that
     lands. The warning carries the class 'frmtmb_eam_units_warning' so
     that such a design can silence this one condition and keep the
     rest. 'NEWS.md' carries the full tables.

Non-decision time, and what its coefficients mean:

     The density is zero for a response time at or below 'ndt', so the
     likelihood has a hard edge at the fastest response and an ordinary
     log link would let the optimizer walk straight over it. The 'ndt'
     link makes the constraint structural instead, and it does so in
     one of two ways.

     *Without 'ndt_group()', 'ndt' is a TIME*, on a logit scaled onto
     (0, ub) with 'ub' the fastest response in the whole data set, or
     'max_ndt' when you give one. This is the parameterization the
     family has always had. 'frm_linpred(dpar = "ndt", type =
     "response")' reports seconds, a 'prior(class = "ndt")' is a
     density on those seconds, and a 'bf(ndt = 0.2)' constant is 0.2
     seconds.

     *With 'ndt_group()', 'ndt' is a FRACTION of the row's own bound*,
     on a plain logit, and the density multiplies it by that bound. The
     bound is the fastest response of the row's group. Write

     frm(bf(rt | dec(response) + ndt_group(subject) ~ coherence,
            ndt ~ 1 + (1 | subject), bias = 0.5),
         family = wiener(), data = dat)
     
     and each subject's non-decision time is bounded by its own fastest
     response. That is what a random effect on 'ndt' needs; the next
     section is what one global bound does to it. The price is that
     'ndt' is on a different scale: 'frm_linpred(dpar = "ndt", type =
     "response")' reports the fraction, and 'ndt_time()' reports the
     time for either parameterization. A 'prior(class = "ndt")' and a
     'bf(ndt = )' constant are fractions under a grouping too.

     Give the grouping as a factor, a character vector, a logical or
     integer codes. It is keyed on the group's LABEL, so subsetting,
     'droplevels()', 'relevel()' and a prediction grid you build
     yourself all pair a row with the same bound the fit used.
     'max_ndt' and 'ndt_group()' cannot be combined, because they set
     the same bound to different things, and an 'ndt_group()' no family
     reads is refused rather than carried into the fit unused.

     A 'max_ndt' above the smallest response time is refused, because
     for this family alone it admits parameter values at which some
     observed row has no likelihood. Inside a 'frmtmb::mixture()' that
     is exactly what the other component is for, so 'allow_unreachable
     = TRUE' lifts the refusal; see Mixtures. A mixture never finalizes
     its components, so a component needs 'max_ndt' given up front and
     cannot use 'ndt_group()'.

     Whichever parameterization a model is in, the bound is fixed when
     the model frame is assembled and is a property of the FITTED data,
     so a prediction on new rows is scaled by the bound the fit used
     rather than by one re-derived from the new rows. A group the fit
     never saw has no bound and is refused.

     Past a linear predictor of about 37 the logit saturates in double
     precision. Nothing guards that, and nothing needs to: the density
     falls off a cliff as the decision time goes to zero, so the log
     likelihood is already unreachable long before the link runs out of
     digits.

Why one bound is the wrong constraint under a random effect:

     A single bound is the GLOBAL fastest response, so a subject whose
     true 'ndt' is above it cannot be represented at any value of the
     random effect. At 30 subjects by 400 trials with a between-subject
     spread of 26 ms on a mean of 250 ms, 20 of the 30 subjects are in
     that position and NONE is inconsistent with its own data. Without
     'variability' such a fit does not converge; with 'variability =
     "sv"' it converges, reports nothing from 'diagnose()', and returns
     a population 'ndt' pinned at the bound and wrong by ten percent
     with a standard error of 7.2e-06 on it.

     What settles it is what happens as data accumulates. On that
     design, the per-subject root mean squared error of the fitted
     non-decision times:

       trials  with ndt_group(s)  one global bound 
          100  20.91 ms           27.23 ms         
          200  14.08 ms           20.51 ms         
          400  7.67 ms            30.37 ms         
      
     The per-group bound converges on the truth and the global bound
     does not, because more data lowers the global minimum and tightens
     the ceiling on every subject at once.

What sd(ndt) does and does not tell you:

     A grouped model estimates 'ndt' as a fraction of each group's own
     floor, so the fitted per-subject times vary with those floors even
     when the variance component is exactly zero. On the design above
     an estimator with NO random effect on 'ndt' returns a
     between-subject standard deviation of 0.02748 against a truth of
     0.02629, where the full model returns 0.02543, and at 100 trials
     per subject the two are identical in every digit.

     The variance component is not empty: at 400 trials it buys 8.44
     log-likelihood units and cuts the per-subject error from 11.90 ms
     to 7.67 ms. But a between-subject standard deviation is the wrong
     statistic to read that off. Compare the per-subject non-decision
     times from 'ndt_time()' against what you believe, and compare
     log-likelihoods, rather than reading 'VarCorr()''s 'ndt' entry as
     evidence that the component was estimated.

     The bound's own quality is a function of the group's trial count.
     The group's fastest response overshoots its true non-decision time
     by about 47 ms at 400 trials and 78 ms at 50, and a group of one
     trial gets that trial's own response time as its bound. Nothing
     refuses a small group, because any threshold would fire on correct
     models; the trial counts are recorded on the fitted family, at
     'family(fit)$ndt_bound$sizes'.

Recovery at 30 subjects by 400 trials:

     Measured on 60 replicate data sets at the design named in the
     realistic-scale table of 'dev/extension-gaps-plan.md': 30
     subjects, 400 trials each, two conditions, 'mu ~ cond + (1 | s)',
     'bs ~ 1 + (1 | s)' and 'ndt ~ 1 + (1 | s)' with 'ndt_group(s)'.
     The truths are a drift of 0.4 and 1.3, a boundary separation of
     1.4, a non-decision time of 250 ms, and between-subject standard
     deviations of 0.35 on the drift, 0.20 on the log boundary and 0.12
     on the log non-decision time. Seeds 20260910 to 20260969.
     'dev/eamhier-findings.md' holds the tables and
     dev/eamhier-scripts/ the harness.

     All 60 fits converged with a positive definite Hessian, no 'NaN'
     standard error and nothing from 'diagnose()', and every subject's
     fitted non-decision time stayed below its own fastest response.

       quantity              truth    mean     mcse     Wald coverage
       mu intercept          0.4      0.4019   0.0094   54/60   90.0%
       mu condition effect   0.9      0.9004   0.0035   57/60   95.0%
       bs                    1.4      1.3900   0.0067   56/60   93.3%
       sd(mu | s)            0.35     0.3474   0.0059   55/60   91.7%
       sd(log bs | s)        0.20     0.1898   0.0037   54/60   90.0%
     
     *What 60 replicates can resolve.* The rule applied is that a
     coverage misses when its Wilson interval excludes 0.95, which at n
     = 60 rejects on 53 or fewer. Against a nominal rate that is known
     rather than estimated, the exact binomial power of that rule is
     0.82 at a true 85 percent, 0.59 at 88 and 0.39 at 90, with a size
     of 0.030. So the table can show a ten-point shortfall and cannot
     show seven. No coefficient's interval excludes 95.

     *Both variance components come back about as low as maximum
     likelihood is expected to put them.* The shrinkage at 30 groups,
     including the term for reporting a standard deviation rather than
     a variance, is 'sqrt(1 - 1/30) * (1 - 1/116) = 0.9747', that is
     2.5 percent low. Against that expectation 'sd(mu | s)' sits 1.06
     Monte Carlo standard errors high and sd(log bs | s) 1.39 low: one
     common shrinkage covers both, and neither is a separate finding.
     Read a variance component from 30 groups as a slight
     underestimate.

     The non-decision time is read per subject rather than as a spread,
     for the reason the section above gives. Its root mean squared
     error is 7.9 ms against a between-subject spread of 30.2 ms, it is
     smaller than that spread on 60 of 60 replicates, and its
     correlation with the drawn values is 0.967. The population value
     comes back about 2 ms high.

     The same 60 draws with 'variability = "sv"' recover the same
     quantities to the same accuracy. What they add is in the next
     section.

Across-trial variability:

     Ratcliff's full diffusion model draws three of the four parameters
     afresh on every trial. 'variability' names which of those to
     estimate, and each one it names becomes an ordinary distributional
     parameter that takes its own formula:

     frm(bf(rt | dec(response) ~ coherence, bias = 0.5),
         family = wiener(variability = c("sv", "sz", "st")), data = dat)
     
     'sv'
          Standard deviation of a normal drift rate. Log link.

     'sz'
          Width of a uniform relative start point, centered on 'bias',
          on the same (0, 1) scale as 'bias'. Logit link, so the width
          is below 1 and the start point stays inside the boundaries
          whenever 'bias' is 0.5.

     'st'
          Width of a uniform non-decision time, centered on 'ndt', and
          on whichever scale 'ndt' is on: a duration in the units of
          the response, on a logit scaled onto (0, 2 * bound), or a
          FRACTION of twice the row's own bound under 'ndt_group()'.

     The likelihood is the analytic Wiener density averaged over those
     distributions, and the three are done three different ways because
     they are three different integrals. The drift integral is Gaussian
     against an exponential-quadratic and is evaluated in CLOSED FORM:
     it is exact, it takes no nodes, and there is nothing to tune. The
     other two are uniform and are evaluated by fixed-node
     Gauss-Legendre quadrature, whose node counts are the 'nodes'
     argument.

     The node positions and counts are decided when the family object
     is built and are constants from then on, because a node count that
     moved with a parameter would be a branch on a parameter and an
     automatic-differentiation tape cannot record one. A parameter only
     rescales the interval the fixed nodes are mapped onto.

     'fitted()' and 'simulate()' follow the variability rather than
     ignoring it. Both condition on the boundary a row ended at, and
     conditioning reweights which per-trial parameters that row could
     have had: the trials that reached a boundary are not a fair sample
     of the drift rates that could have produced them. So the fitted
     mean is a ratio of two quadratures and the simulator accepts a
     drawn drift rate and start point with the boundary probability
     they imply. The plain closed-form mean is not a usable
     approximation here: at an unbiased start point it returns the same
     number for both boundaries, and the full model does not.

     Two limits of the parameterization are worth knowing. The uniform
     start point stays inside the boundaries by construction only when
     'bias' is 0.5, which is the usual case and the one the logit link
     on 'sz' is scaled for; at a strongly biased start a wide 'sz' can
     push the range past a boundary, where the density is near zero and
     the likelihood is a barrier rather than a cliff. And nothing holds
     'ndt - st / 2' above zero, so a fit is free to report a range that
     includes a negative non-decision time. Neither can be made
     structural from outside frmtmb: both are joint constraints on two
     distributional parameters, and a link is a property of one.

     *How well 'sv' is identified, measured.* On 60 replicates of one
     subject with 12,000 trials, no random effects, and a true 'sv' of
     0.4, the estimate ranges from 0.194 to 0.599 and its Wald interval
     covers on 57 of the 59 fits that report a usable one. The
     estimated 'sv' and an estimated drift contrast are correlated,
     0.59 by rank: a draw that returns a low 'sv' returns a low
     contrast with it, and every replicate that missed on the contrast
     had an 'sv' below the truth. Read the two together rather than one
     at a time. In the hierarchical design of "Recovery at 30 subjects
     by 400 trials" both cover at 57 of 60.

     *One fit in 60 lost 'sv' entirely and nothing reported it.* At one
     seed the estimate ran to the log link's floor, 4.4e-04, with a
     Wald interval of (-1163, 1147) on the log scale, convergence code
     0, a positive definite Hessian and 'diagnose()' printing "No
     convergence problems detected". The likelihood is genuinely flat
     there on that draw: dropping the 'sv' term moves the
     log-likelihood by 7e-07, while holding 'sv' at its true value
     costs 4.05 units. So the fit is not wrong, but the interval it
     prints is not a statement about anything. Read the interval
     'confint()' gives 'sv' before you read the estimate. The signature
     is inside that one fit and needs no replicates: the standard error
     on log sv was 589.25 where the largest of the other four was
     0.0501, a ratio of 11,763. Nothing else in the fit reports it.

Mixtures:

     A contaminant component covers the trials the diffusion process
     cannot produce, which is the standard treatment for fast guesses.
     The Wiener component then wants a non-decision time that some
     observed rows fall below, so pass the bound and lift the refusal:

     frm(bf(rt | dec(response) ~ 1, bias1 = 0.5),
         family = mixture(wiener(max_ndt = 0.4, allow_unreachable = TRUE),
                          lognormal()),
         data = dat)
     
     A row below the non-decision time gets a log density of about '-1
     / delta' where 'delta' is a billionth of the smallest response
     time: it exponentiates to exactly zero, which is the right
     likelihood for the component, and it differentiates to exactly
     zero, which a true '-Inf' would not.

Censoring and truncation:

     'cens()' and 'trunc()' work on the response time, on the plain
     model. What a censored row means depends on its code, because the
     boundary is known on some and not on others:

     right
          The trial had not reached EITHER boundary by the recorded
          time: a deadline passed with no response. Its probability is
          the survival over both boundaries, 'P(T > t)'. Its 'dec()'
          value is required, since a declaration cannot depend on a
          censoring code, and is NOT read: any 0 or 1 gives the same
          fit, bit for bit.

     left and interval
          The trial DID reach a boundary, and 'dec()' says which; only
          its time is coarse. Its probability is that boundary's
          defective distribution function, P(T <= t, boundary b), or
          its difference across the interval. 'dec()' is read. A row
          whose 'dec()' is missing is dropped by frmtmb's 'na.action'
          with a message, before this family sees it; this family
          cannot refuse it by name.

     A deadline design is

     frm(bf(rt | dec(response) + cens(censored) ~ condition, bias = 0.5),
         family = wiener(), data = dat)
     
     with 'censored' set to '"right"' on the trials with no response
     and 'rt' set to the deadline there.

     'trunc()' divides by the window's mass over both boundaries. Left
     or interval censoring cannot be combined with 'trunc()': frmtmb
     forms the censored rows and the truncation window from the one
     distribution-function slot a family has, and the two need
     different functions here, so the pair is refused by name.

     Every quantity is computed as a LOG and never as a complement: the
     survival from the method of images for small times and from the
     eigenfunction series for large ones, and each defective function
     the same way. Against a 700-bit reference over drift -20 to 20,
     boundary separation 0.3 to 6, relative start 0.001 to 0.999 and
     normalized time 1e-3 to 10, 3150 points, the worst relative error
     is 4.3e-14 on the distribution function over both boundaries,
     1.2e-12 on either defective one, and on the survival 1.7e-12 where
     |v| a is at most 1, 7.4e-12 up to 24, 4.6e-11 up to 72 and 8.0e-11
     up to 120. A survival of exp(-72063) comes back as that log.
     'RWiener::pwiener()' agrees to 4.5e-11 absolute on the grid the
     density is pinned on, and all of that difference is RWiener's own
     error. The probability of a left-censored row, or of an interval,
     is held at 1e-300 or above, because frmtmb takes it on the
     probability scale: a row whose true probability is smaller than
     that contributes a flat barrier rather than its value.

     *What it recovers, at 30 subjects by 400 trials* (drift 0.4 and
     0.9 by condition with a subject deviation of 0.35, boundary
     separation 1.4 with a subject deviation of 0.20 on its log,
     non-decision time 0.25 s). With a 1 s deadline, 16 percent of
     trials right-censored, 40 replicates: every fixed effect and both
     variance components covered on 33 to 38 of 38 fits with an
     interval. With trials faster than 0.45 s recorded as left-censored
     and every fifth other trial as interval-censored into its 100 ms
     bin, 29 and 14 percent of trials, 60 replicates: they covered on
     47 to 55 of 55, the lowest being the drift intercept at 85.5
     percent, Wilson interval 73.8 to 92.4. Every fit converged. The
     drift intercept is low without censoring too: over the six designs
     of that study, two of them with no censored row, its interval
     covered on 196 of 231 fits, 84.8 percent. Read the drift
     intercept's interval from a hierarchical fit as narrow.

     The plain model only. Under 'variability' the distribution
     function is the same series averaged over the per-trial
     parameters, and the drift average has no closed form there, so the
     pair is refused.

Contaminant trials:

     'contaminant = TRUE' mixes a second process into every row: a
     response time uniform over a window, with a boundary that is a
     coin flip. Its share is the distributional parameter 'lambda', on
     a logit link, which takes a formula like any other:

     frm(bf(rt | dec(response) ~ condition, lambda ~ 1, bias = 0.5),
         family = wiener(contaminant = TRUE, contaminant_range = c(0, 3)),
         data = dat)
     
     It needs no 'frmtmb::mixture()': the uniform has no free
     parameter, so it is one more term in the density rather than a
     second family. A right-censored row enters through both parts'
     survivals; a left- or interval-censored row through the
     diffusion's defective function at its boundary and half of the
     uniform's, the coin flip landing there.

     *The window.* Give it as contaminant_range =: the task's response
     window, such as 'c(0, deadline)'. Without it, a model that
     declares its deadline through 'trunc(ub = )' uses the fastest
     response to that deadline, and any other model is refused, with
     the class 'frmtmb_eam_contaminant_range_error'. The refusal is the
     measured reason: without a deadline bounding both processes, the
     slowest diffusion trial sets the top of the observed range, the
     window grows with the sample, and 'lambda' collapses. On one
     subject of 4000 trials, 25 seeds, true share 0.0495, contaminants
     uniform on 0 to 5 s: the observed range gave 'lambda' 0.0212 and
     covered on 2 of 25, the true window 0.0498 and 25 of 25. With a 5
     s deadline declared by 'trunc(ub = 5)', the window from the
     fastest response to the deadline gave 0.0508 against a recorded
     share of 0.0496, and the one to the slowest response 0.0518, both
     covering on 25 of 25; the deadline is the top used, being the one
     that does not move with the sample ('dev/phase3b-cont-window.R').
     The review of 2026-09-24 measured the same pattern on its own
     design: 0.0050 and 5 of 25 without a deadline, 0.0545 and 22 of 25
     with one.

     Where the practice comes from. Ratcliff and Tuerlinckx (2002)
     model the contaminant as uniform over the range of the observed
     response times, and the DMAT toolbox follows them; HDDM uses a
     uniform of fixed density instead. None of the three was checked
     against its source or text for this page; the attributions are the
     review's of 2026-09-24, recorded as such.

     *What it recovers, at 30 subjects by 400 trials.* Drift 0.4 and
     0.9 by condition with a subject deviation of 0.35, boundary
     separation 1.4 with a subject deviation of 0.20 on its log,
     non-decision time 0.25 s, 5 percent contaminants uniform on 0.1 to
     5 s, 'max_ndt = 0.5'. With 'contaminant_range = c(0.1, 5)', over
     40 replicates, 'lambda' came back at 0.0499 and its Wald interval
     covered on 39 of 40; every fixed effect and both variance
     components covered on 34 to 40 of 40, and every fit converged. The
     same draws with a 3 s deadline declared by 'trunc(ub = 3)' and the
     default window, 44 replicates: 'lambda' 0.0306 against a recorded
     share of 0.0307, covering on 35 of 36. On data with no contaminant
     and the window given, 30 replicates: see the collapse case below.

     *A guess faster than the non-decision time.* The non-decision time
     is bounded by the fastest response, so a contaminant faster than
     the true non-decision time pulls the bound under it and the fit
     cannot reach the truth. On the design above at the default bound,
     20 replicates on the first round's build, the non-decision time
     came back at 0.111 s against 0.25 and the drift effect covered on
     0 of 20. Under the contaminant such a row has a likelihood, so
     'max_ndt' above the fastest response is allowed with 'contaminant
     = TRUE': give a bound you know the non-decision time is under.

     *The collapse case.* Maximum likelihood has no prior to hold
     'lambda' off its edge. When the data give it nothing, it runs down
     the logit: the estimate is a logit near -20, its standard error is
     in the thousands, and the log-likelihood is the plain family's.
     'frmtmb::diagnose()' reports it as a parameter at the end of its
     link. On the design above with no contaminant and the window 'c(0,
     5)' given, 30 replicates: 'lambda' reached the edge on 25,
     'diagnose()' named it on 27, all 25 at the edge among them, and at
     the edge the log-likelihood was the plain family's to within
     8.9e-07 on every one.

     At 'lambda = 0' the density is the plain family's: bit for bit on
     every row whose diffusion density is at least the contaminant's,
     and to the rounding of one log-sum anchor on the others.

Accuracy:

     The density is the Navarro and Fuss (2009) pair of series, both
     evaluated at a fixed truncation and combined with a smooth weight,
     because an automatic-differentiation tape cannot choose between
     them on a parameter. It agrees with 'RWiener::dwiener()' to better
     than 1e-12 relative on the log scale over normalized times from
     1e-3 to 50. See 'vignette("ddm")'.

References:

     Navarro, D. J. and Fuss, I. G. (2009). Fast and accurate
     calculations for first-passage times in Wiener diffusion models.
     _Journal of Mathematical Psychology_, 53(4), 222-230.

     Ratcliff, R. and Tuerlinckx, F. (2002). Estimating parameters of
     the diffusion model: approaches to dealing with contaminant
     reaction times and parameter variability. _Psychonomic Bulletin &
     Review_, 9(3), 438-481.

Examples:

     set.seed(1)
     dat <- ddm_simulate(300, mu = 0.8, bs = 1.4, ndt = 0.3, bias = 0.5)
     fit <- frm(bf(rt | dec(upper) ~ 1, bias = 0.5),
                family = wiener(), data = dat)
     fixef(fit)
     
